Add code lens for quick evaluation (#1035)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add CodeLens feature to make the CodeQL quick evaluation command more accessible. [#1035](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1035)

Reviewer: I've attempted to word this in a way that tells the user how to use the feature. What do you think?
```suggestion
- Add a CodeLens to make the Quick Evaluation command more accessible. Click the `Quick Evaluation` prompt above a predicate definition in the editor to evaluate that predicate on its own. [#1035](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1035)
```

Reviewer 2: I like it. I tried to make it concise, but I should have included more information.

## 1.5.8 - 2 December 2021

> - Add CodeLens feature to make the CodeQL quick evaluation command more accessible. [#1035](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/1035)

Author: This should go in the unreleased section of the changelog.

Reviewer 2: Whoops. I thought I put it there. I'll fix it.
